Now you might recognize one problem, let's say I would have another component and I'll quickly create
one, I'll name it list.vue because all I want to have in there is basically a copy of my app.vue file,
I want to have my fruits in there too,
I will remove the uppercase thing here, I don't need that and I will remove my filter here therefore
but I still will have my data, don't need the text but I need the fruits, the filtered text and then my
filtered fruits down there. And then in the app.vue file, I want to import that so I can import list from
my list.vue file and register it as a local component here as we learned it before,
thus far nothing new.
So let me quickly do this,
my app list component, list is the imported file or module here
and then I can simply attach it below my other list,
I have now my app list with the selector I just specified.
If I do this, we see the second list,
ok that's a bit ugly
because of the styling,
so let me quickly get rid of all these things,
all these things here, should keep one surrounding div here though.
So let's quickly do that,
reorder this,
nice.
Now it looks much better,
now we get this duplication here and as you can see of course this works too,
it's not connected to the first filter and it shouldn't be
but now I get two filtered lists.
The problem we have here of course is code duplication,
we have our computed property here and the data fields here and also in the app.vue file.
Now a filter, normal filter registered globally let's say, would have allowed us to solve this issue because
we registered it globally and then we can use it everywhere and hence we don't duplicate the code but
we just learned that filters aren't that good to be used and are also limited in their capability.
How can we avoid such a code duplication?
And of course we not only faced this when using filters, duplicate code is something we'll often see,
sometimes we just want to have some code or some data which you want to share amongst multiple vue instances
or components. For that,
we got mixins and I will have a look at this now.